[PL-50678] changing Ubuntu to RedHat for Delegate script (#6917)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/delegate-reference/common-delegate-profile-scripts.md

You can add any command that the host, container, or pod running the delegate supports. Linux shell commands are most common. If `kubectl`, Helm, or Docker is running on the host, container, or pod where you install the delegate, you can use those commands. Kubernetes and Docker delegates include Helm.

> The base image for the Delegate uses RedHat Universal Base Image (redhat/ubi8). This means you can use any default RedHat package in the Delegate script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base image for the delegate uses the Red Hat Universal Base Image (Red Hat/UBI8). This means you can use any default Red Hat package in the delegate script.
```

Reviewer: https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/21130772574/Documentation+Style+Guide#Platform

"delegate" - capitalize only when Harness precedes it.

Red Hat is two words
